Add the size subsection (#164)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/content-guidelines/screenshots.md

Use an online tool such as [TinyPNG](https://tinypng.com/) to compress images and limit the size of each image to 1MB, or smaller.
If you want to control the size of the image relative to the screen size, use one of these standard percentages: 100%, 75%, 50%, or 25%.

> >**NOTE:** The images keep their original aspect ratio both on the Console UI and on the `kyma-project.io` website. The only resizing is done on the website with the maximum width of the image set to 860px.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** The images keep their original aspect ratio both on the Console UI and on the `kyma-project.io` website. However, the maximum width on the website is 860px. If your screenshot is larger than this, it will be automatically resized to 860px.
```
